services guidelines
3-hours Express: Pickup and Delivery will be completed in 3 hours. Last pickup cut-off timing is 8pm and delivery will be completed by 11pm.
1 Hour Rush: Delivery will be completed in 1 hour. No pickup timing cut-off. Night surcharge is applicable from 11pm.
Specific Delivery Slot: For time-sensitive deliveries that have to be delivered at a specific time or outside the Standard Operating hours of 9am - 10pm. Please note
that agents may arrive 30 minutes before or after the specific time. Pickup cut-off timing is 7pm.
Same Day Delivery: Pickup and delivery within 6 hours. For same day delivery to office locations, delivery has to be booked before 12pm. Otherwise, pickup cut-off
timing is at 5pm for delivery by 11pm.
Next Day Delivery: Pick up today and to be delivered by the next day till 11pm. It could be delivered earlier on the day of pickup. Pickup cut-off timing is at 7pm.
2 Way Round Trip: Pickup from Point A and deliver to Point B, then pickup from Point B and back to Point A on the same day. Pick-up cut off timing is 5pm for delivery
by 11pm.
$2 surcharge applies for each pickup or delivery within Downtown, Orchard and CBD areas.
$2 distance surcharge applies for deliveries more than 18km from collection to delivery point.
$10 entry fee is required for pickup or delivery into Sentosa, Changi Airport, Changi Aviation Centre and Tuas South 637, 636 postal code
$4 surcharge applies for pickup or delivery to Tuas area, for postal codes starting with 627, 628, 629, 638, 639.
$15 surcharge applies for pickup or delivery to Changi Airline house area.
$15 surcharge applies for night deliveries from 11pm to 12am onwards to 7am to 8am slots, and night surcharge is only applicable for ‘1 Hour Rush’ option. I.e.
surcharge is applied 12am to 1am, 1am – 2am , 2am – 3am, until the last slot of 7am - 8am. There will be no night surcharge from 8am onwards.
Agents can only wait up to 20 mins, any additional waiting time may be charged at $0.40 per min.
Senders are responsible for selecting the right size, delivery fees and penalties are imposed for discrepancies. Item must be ready for collection during pick up slot.
All contents have to be packed in a single sealed package. Senders are responsible for adequate packaging protection. Fragile items should be labelled as fragile.
Cancellations made after request have been accepted and if agent is on the way to pick up are subjected to 50% cancellation fee and cap. Refer to our FAQ here.
Change in delivery location or wrong address would be charged as a new delivery.
Returning of parcel back to the sender is charged at $7 or 50% of the delivery size rate, whichever is higher. Subjected to surcharges, if any.
E-wallet credits are valid for 12 months from the top up date. There is no refund of credits upon expiry.
For Corporate Accounts, there is a minimum requirement of 10 Deliveries a month. If un-met, there will be a $10 admin charge per month. No charges will be imposed
if no deliveries are booked for the month.
For van and lorry trips, if the item cannot be moved by a single person (one carton more than 25kg) or if the cartons are loose and require more than 20 minutes for
loading, please add additional manpower at $40 per person per trip.
Equipment such as pallet jacks will incur additional cost.
For bulk deliveries and volume discounts, please feel free to contact us at sales@uparcel.sg.

CORPORATE ACCOUNT FEATURES
invoice Invoices with PO number
track Credit terms of 30 days
tick-badge Hassle-free creation of sub-accounts
for different departments
icon-fast Separate invoice for different sub-accounts
courier Fixed fleet for regular bulk pickups